#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
-e file:.
    # via -r requirements.in
accessible-pygments==0.0.4
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
anyio==3.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-cache
babel==2.12.1
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
bleach==6.0.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   readme-renderer
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via jupyter-cache
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.2.7
    # via pytest-cov
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.19
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   sphinx
exceptiongroup==1.1.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.17.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.12.2
    # via torch
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.40.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   keyring
    #   myst-nb
    #   twine
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.24.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   myst-nb
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jaraco-classes==3.3.0
    # via keyring
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   sphinx
    #   torch
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-cache==0.6.1
    # via myst-nb
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.7.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
jupytext==1.14.7
    # via -r requirements.in
keyring==24.2.0
    # via twine
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdit-py-plugins==0.3.5
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
more-itertools==9.1.0
    # via jaraco-classes
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
mypy==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
myst-nb==0.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in
myst-parser==0.18.1
    # via myst-nb
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
notebook==6.5.4
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.25.0
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   scipy
overrides==7.3.1
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   sphinx
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via matplotlib
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via twine
platformdirs==3.8.0
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.2.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.13.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   qtconsole
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.1.0
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
readme-renderer==40.0
    # via twine
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.4.2
    # via twine
scipy==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==2.0.17
    # via jupyter-cache
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-cache
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via jupytext
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
torch==2.0.1
    # via mininf
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
twine==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   mypy
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   twine
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata
